[refman] Document coercion exceptions (#16685)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/implicit-coercions.rst

     Silence the non uniform inheritance warning.

  .. exn:: @qualid not declared.

>      :token:`qualid` is not a defined globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :token:`qualid` is not defined globally.
```

>      The given :token:`qualid` is not a defined constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :token:`qualid` is not a defined constant.
```

Reviewer 2: Note that "defined" is sightly misleading, as I don't think `Axiom foo` defines `foo`

Author: What would I say instead? `@qualid does not appear in the global context`?

Reviewer 2: Sure.  Though that's ambiguous because I believe coercions in sections can target context variables, so it's not clear that "global" is quite right.  (Am I misremembering?  This should probably be explicit in the doc if it's not already, in any case.). Maybe `@qualid is not a defined constant, (co)inductive, axiom, etc`?  @jfehrle does the document have a standard way of referring to the concept of "an identifier which is present in the global / section environment"?

Author: OK I've gone with `@qualid is not a defined constant, (co)inductive, axiom, etc` but @jfehrle can enlighten us if global context makes sense to him.

Reviewer: Why not make it just "@qualid is not defined"?  The "etc." is a bit vague.  If there are specific categories that are excluded, you might mention them in the description.

> Note that "defined" is slightly misleading, as I don't think `Axiom foo` defines `foo`

Using the everyday meaning of "define", I think users expect that `Axiom foo` does indeed define something.  Giving "define" a technical meaning will be a bit confusing and would mean rewording/clarifying some of the uses of  "define", which appears more than 500 times in the doc.  I would not go there today.

FWIW, the doc defines "global environment" but not "global context".

Author: >Why not make it just "@qualid is not defined"? The "etc." is a bit vague. If there are specific categories that are excluded, you might mention them in the description.

I think I originally didn't want to give the impression that it had to be a definition.

>FWIW, the doc defines "global environment" but not "global context".

Yes, that is more correct although they could be used interchangeably in academic vernacular not specific to Coq.

I also thought saying `@qualid is not defined` is kind of useless since the error message already has this information.

Reviewer: > I also thought saying `@qualid is not defined` is kind of useless since the error message already has this information.

If the message is self explanitory, keep the `:undocumented:`

Reviewer 2: (I am happy to defer to Jim on wording here)

Author: This was the original reason I started this PR actually. I still think adding to `  .. exn:: @qualid not declared.` is important since I was confused before by something being in the local environment and not being picked up by coercions, it was only when I understood it being in the global environment that it made sense.

Author: I've changed it it to `not defined globally`.

  .. exn:: @qualid is already a coercion.

>      The given :token:`qualid` is already registered a coercion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :token:`qualid` is already registered as a coercion.
```

  .. exn:: Funclass cannot be a source class.

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Author: Something like `f : (A -> B) -> (A -> B)` would be ambiguous to define as a coercion since for `g : A -> B`, `g a` could also mean `f g a`.

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Reviewer 3: That seems like a problem with coercions where source and target are the same, nothing about functions.

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Author: OK here is a more complicated example: Make `f : (A -> B) >-> (A -> C)` a coercion. Take `g : A -> B`. Suppose there is a coercion `h : C >-> B`. Take the term `g a` it could also be `h (f g a)`.

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Reviewer 3: What does "it could also be" mean?
Do you mean it's harder to detect loops when there is source funclass?

Also do you have a source for this being why there is this limitation?

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Reviewer 2: It seems like maybe there is a genuine issue when the source and target classes are the same (in this case, if both are Funclass, even if the types are different).  Coercions from Funclass to things that are not Funclass seem fine, right?

>      Funclass as a source class is not supported.

Author: I've reworded to "currently not supported" and that it "may change in the future". I don't think it is worth saying anything more since there doesn't appear to be a concrete reason I can think of.

  .. exn:: @qualid is not a function.

>      The given :token:`qualid` is not a function, so it cannot be used as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :token:`qualid` is not a function, so it cannot be used as a
```

     coercion.

  .. exn:: Cannot find the source class of @qualid.

>      A valid source class was unable to be inferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Coq can not infer a valid source class.
```

Hopefully we explain how things are inferred nearby...

Author: Well Coq just looks at the shape of the term and decides which sortclass it must be. When you declare a coercion `A >-> B` for `f : C -> D`, Coq will check the type of `f`, try to match `C` to the sortclass `A` and `B` to the sortclass `B`. Say that `B` was `Funclass`, then Coq would try to unfold `D` to check it actually is a function etc.

Reviewer 3: I don't think class inference/checking does any unfolding

Reviewer 4: Indeed, it doesn't. The "inference" is in fact a very direct matching.

  .. exn:: Cannot recognize @class as a source class of @qualid.

     The inferred source class of the coercion differs from the one specified.

  .. exn:: Cannot find the target class

     The target class of the coercion is not specified and cannot be inferred.
     Make sure that the target is a constant and not a variable.

>   .. exn:: Found target class ... instead of ...

Reviewer 2: Or `@class`?
